but is that what you really wants is
that what you do I don't really want
that no what the [ __ ] are we doing we
didn't do this in the beginning all this
argument has brought our restaurant down
and brought our relationship to a halt
this fight team has got to stop
yes this is insane he has to commit to
getting in here earlier and you have to
stop beating him with a stick I think
you wanna make their dog wipe the board
clean are you willing to change I am
willing to change
just not today stop right now I'll stir
it all over again like it's the first
day
[Music]
people to the subpoena if my son can
change I think I gotta be the most
happiest
we've forgotten the importance and the
advantage of having a family-run
restaurant because when it works
brilliantly it's amazing and we have to
get back and it's not only getting
better unless you change all three of
you okay I got my mom and aunt back I
really love both of them you know what
I'm saying I don't like to argue even
with them I love my aunt like she is my
mom now that the family has made a
commitment to work together as opposed
to fighting each other
right I just need all of you for two
minutes outside please Chef Ramsay has
made a commitment of his own that he
hopes will have a major impact on the
dining experience at El Greco they're
gonna run us over
a car man it's a firing squad I have
fixed the problem in a restaurant I'd
ran over everybody chef Mike you've been
so busy it's time that you took a little
vacation
[Music]
what's going on I don't know
hey guys I've got something to to show
you it's time to say goodbye to a very
busy chef Mike chef Mike it was good
knowing you but we're better off without
you
chef Mike nice shot has left the
building a beginning of a new era yes
sir because we are relaunching this
restaurant tomorrow and you do not need
a microwave to cook in your restaurants
you know it's a family business by
losing my passion I've heard the
restaurant hurt my employees I hurt my
customers and I need to get back to the
basics and cook food the way it needs to
be cooked and that's what I'm gonna do
with a microwave no longer the essential
piece of equipment in the kitchen
Chef Ramsay begins to put his plan into
effect
cooking fresh Greek food grilled salmon
nicely seasoned salt pepper okay
extra such a salt on the skin and
getting Jake passionate about cooking
again
nice imam poor way around literally nine
seconds on each side
yeah i'm not in here to precooked food
i'm here to cook it that's why I went to
school that's why I'm in here we'll take
a spoon of to Zeke just on the plate the
salmon sits on there that's beautiful
Jake special my fingers coming back for
cooking I think they're gonna have my
son back now I'm starting this really
good wonderful I'm excited for Jake and
Athena I feel a huge weight has been
lifted here I feel like I can actually
be a chef now thank you sir
you